PLATEXP-1732: Modify article how to request a CSR (#1427)
rackerlabs/support-how-to: content/how-to/dedicated-hosting/how-to-request-a-csr/index.md

---
permalink: how-to-request-a-csr
audit_date:
title: 'How to Request a CSR'
type: article
created_date: '2021-04-15'
created_by: Alexandra Soares

> last_modified_date: '2023-02-01'

Reviewer: Update the date if you need to make other changes. If not then I will change it right before merge.

last_modified_by: Asmita Nakwa
product: Dedicated Hosting
product_url: dedicated-hosting
---

This article explains how to create a ticket to generate a Certificate Signing
Request (CSR).

### Create a ticket in the MyRackspace Portal

**Step 1.** Log in to [MyRackspace Portal](https://login.rackspace.com/login) with your username and password.

   <img width="409" alt="Enter the login credentials" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr1.png">

**Step 2.** On the top navigation bar, select **Support** > **Support Center**.

   <img width="941" alt="Select the supportcenter" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr2.png">

**Step 3.** Under **Common Request** menu, click **See All Templates**. The **See All Templates** displays list of all templates. Select **Generate Certificate Signing Request (CSR)**

   <img width="960" alt="Select CSR from the list" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr4.png">
   
**Step 4.** In **Issue Details** section you can select a device from the drop-down menu.

>    <img width="569" alt="Selecr devices from the drop down list" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr5.png">

Reviewer: Are the devices in this image using real production data? or did we adjust them already?

Author: Yes, the image is from real production data. I have replaced the image since it is showing device information.

**Step 5.** Complete the following form:

>    <img width="391" alt="Signing request form" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr6.png">

Reviewer: Is the device in this image using production data or did we alter it already?

Author: Yes, the image is from real production data. I have replaced the image since it is showing device information.

1. Log in to [MyRackspace Portal](https://login.rackspace.com/login) with your username and password.

>    <img width="409" alt="logincredentials" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr1.png">

Reviewer 2: Please highlight the images

Author: Check with Steven

2. On the top navigation bar, choose **Support** > **Support Center**.

   <img width="941" alt="selectsupportcenter" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr2.png">

3. Under **Common Request** menu, click **See All Templates**. The **See All Templates** displays list of all templates.

>    <img width="958" alt="templatelist" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr3.png">

Reviewer 2: Highlight and merge images in Paint and Power Point

Author: Check with Steven.

4. From the Common Request menu, select **Generate Certificate Signing Request (CSR)** as shown in following image.

   <img width="960" alt="selectcsr" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr4.png">
   
5. In **Issue Details** section you can select a device from the drop-down menu.

   <img width="569" alt="listofdevices" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr5.png">

7. Complete the following form:

   <img width="391" alt="signingrequestform" src="/support/how-to/how-to-request-a-csr/csr6.png">

8. Click **Submit**.

> Support center generates the CSR for you and updates you in the support ticket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Support Center generates the CSR for you and updates you in the support ticket.
```

Author: Done

> Support center generates the CSR for you and updates you in the support ticket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Support Center generates the CSR for you and update your Support Ticket.
```

Author: Done
